Derek asks does thermal throttling
really reduce the lifespan of your CPU
or GPU and the answer
is it's complicated High thermals do
impact the lifespan of an integrated
circuit however thermal throttling
specifically is a feature that's
actually designed to extend your CPU or
your gpu's lifespan once it reaches a
certain maximum Target temperature it
will lower its power Target in order to
meet a point where it matches whatever
thermal solution is in installed on it
even going as far as to operate albeit
very slowly with no cooling solution
installed whatsoever so in general you
do want things to run as cool as
possible but we also have to understand
realistically that there are safety
measures in place and that modern
processors are designed to run at these
higher temperatures without immediately
dying at least not until your warranty
expires